Updated Ports example/docs for pod network partition experiment & minor fix in installation manifest (#3775)
litmuschaos/litmus: mkdocs/docs/experiments/categories/pods/pod-network-partition.md

### Destination Ports

> The network partition experiment interrupt traffic for all the external ports by default. The interruption of specific port(s) can be tuned via providing comma separated list of ports inside `PORTS` ENV. Note: The Ports will be added under Ingress & Egress rules according to provided policy-type under `POLICY_TYPES` ENV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network partition experiment interrupt traffic for all the external ports by default. Access to specific port(s) can be allow by providing comma separated list of ports inside `PORTS` ENV. Note: The Ports will be added under Ingress & Egress rules according to provided policy-type under `POLICY_TYPES` ENV.
```

Reviewer: please update the pod/namespace selector as well accordingly
